# React + Apollo Client + Ant Design

[Back](/README.md#cims-interview-skills-tests)

## Background

CIMS is a React shop. We're a little behind on the version, and still use Create React App, but that doesn't change the basic need to use React in our UI.

CIMS also strives to use the Ant Design component library to simplify UI workflows and provide a consistent look and feel throughout the app. For the bulk of workflows, if you find yourself writing HTML and CSS by hand... you're probably making our lives harder in the future. This doesn't, however, mean you can't wrap up Ant Design components around custom components or add one-off styles to construct the UI.

When pulling data from the server, we use the Apollo GraphQL Client library to query and mutate the database. We go as far as writing our GraphQL operations in their own `.graphql` files and use another library to generate most of the Apollo Code we actually use.

A fair amount of code has been written for you to get started since it would be auto-generated by our tooling anyways or isn't important for this exercise.

## Requirements

1. Come up with a pleasant looking UI for a Project's list of Asphalt Lots using Ant Design in `/src/AsphaltLots`. Feel free to create additional components as needed in order to better organize. There is no "intended" design, do what _you_ think would be best; this exercise is open-ended on purpose.
1. Resolve as many TODOs as possible.

## Getting Started

- Copy `.example.env` as `.env`.
- Get an API Key to interact with the Development GraphQL API from an interviewer.

``` bash
yarn react-apollo-ant
```

## Resources

- [Ant Design](https://ant.design/components/overview/)
- [Apollo GraphQL Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/)
- [CIMS API Reference](https://cims.horrocks.com/reports-dev/api)
